Task: Transaction Regression - Greg
      Question: Can we predict/estimate a transaction amount?
      Method: Plot transaction data to see if there seems to be any trend.
      Outcomes: Single variable linear regression is not enough.
                Plotting by account number or date shows no relation.
                Multiple linear regression by account number and date shows no relation.
      Implications: Regression likely won't be effective for dealing with the transaction data.

Task: Budget Anomaly Detection - Cody
      Question: Can we find budgets that are above/below the expected range of budget values?
      Method: Sig3 analysis on budget data, divided into revenue and expense data sets.
              Any value more than 3 standard deviations above or below the mean is considered an anomaly.
      Outcomes: Plotted anomalies observed per department over the 5 year period.
      Implications: We have the ability to find anomalous budget amounts.

Task: Probability Distribution - Rohit
      Question:
      Method:
      Outcomes:
      Implications:

Task: Spending/PDF By Entity - Evan
      Question: Can we break down the transactions by year, department, sub-department, and further
                can we break them down by month? Additionally, are entity pairs unique to departments?
      Method: Build datetime objects using the transaction's date string, build Pandas dataframes
              using the specific criteria and operate on them (sum, mean, etc.), and use Matplotlib
              to visualize each sub-department's spending by month.
      Outcomes: Entity pairs are indeed unique to departments and we do have the ability to break
                transactions down into the mentioned categories.
      Implications: Being able to immediately determine ownership of a given transaction via the entity
                    pair will make further usage of them exceptionally easier. Similarly being able to
                    break down all transactions into tightly defined groups (sub-department, date, etc.)
                    will make our machine-learning efforts more likely to be achieved.

Task: Transaction Anomaly Detection - Shiyang
      Question: Can we detect anomalous transactions?
      Method: IQR method on transaction data.
      Outcomes: Arranged data both on Entity and Account number, turned out to be something similar but Probability is way more than 100.
      Implications: Need to further investigate on how we should detect the anomalies in transaction data.
